Deep learning series 1: Intro to deep learning
Currently, AI is advancing in a great pace and deep learning is one of the contributor to that. 
It is good to understand the basics of deep learning as they are changing the world we live. 
This is the first article in deep learning series and will explain different deep learning models in coming articles in the series.
The content is inspired from the Udacity deep learning course and some of the images are taken from the course. 
If you would like to learn deep learning in details
Deep learning is a sub-field of machine learning dealing with algorithms inspired by the structure and function of the brain 
called artificial neural networks. In other words,
It mirrors the functioning of our brains. 
Deep learning algorithms are similar to how nervous system structured where each neuron connected each other and passing information
Deep learning models work in layers and a typical model atleast have three layers.
Each layer accepts the information from previous and pass it on to the next one
One of differences between machine learning and deep learning model is on the feature extraction area. 
Feature extraction is done by human in machine learning whereas deep learning model figure out by itself
In this example, we have historical data based on the size of the house. We plot them into the graph as seen as dot points. 
Linear regression is the technique where finding a straight line between these points with less error(this will be explained later).
Once we have a line with less error, 
we can predict the house price based on the size of the house zero.
Activation functions are functions that decide, given the inputs into the node, what should be the node’s output? 
Because it’s the activation function that decides the actual output, we often refer to the outputs of a layer as its “activations”.
One of the simplest activation functions is the Heaviside step function. 
This function returns a 0 if the linear combination is less than zero. 
It returns a 1 if the linear combination is positive or equal to zero.
it shall clasp a sainted maiden whm the angels named Lenore -
quoth the raven "Nevermore"